FIRST INSTRUCTION, before anything else.
The last two attached images are two renders called LEFT and RIGHT (LEFT is attached before RIGHT). Each one has a small white box in its bottom-right corner containing four large black characters drawn in a blocky pixel font, from this set only: A C D E H J K M N R T U W X Y. Read LEFT's four characters and report them as probes.left; read RIGHT's and report them as probes.right. The two codes are different. If you cannot see a box, write "NONE" for that side. Do not guess a plausible code: a wrong code makes this round invalid, which is the correct outcome when you did not receive pixels.

WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN GIVEN, in order:
  1..4. THE REFERENCE SET: 4 image(s) of the target this scene is meant to agree with.
  5. LEFT  - a render of the scene from a fixed review camera.
  6. RIGHT - a render of the SAME scene from the SAME camera, produced differently.
You are not told which render is older, newer, ours or anyone else's, and that is deliberate. Judge the pixels.

THE QUESTION. Which of LEFT and RIGHT is CLOSER TO THE REFERENCE SET, and why? Judge agreement with the references on:
  - structure and layout: are the same volumes, openings and objects present, in the same places?
  - proportion: do the ratios agree?
  - material read: does each surface read as the same material class the reference shows?
  - value and lighting relationships: which plane is brightest, where shadows fall, how deep the contact shadow is. Absolute colour grade is NOT a criterion.
Do NOT judge resolution, sharpness, the corner box, image order, or which one you find prettier. If the two are indistinguishable on every criterion, answer "tie": a tie is an honest answer, not a failure.

EVERY CLAIM NAMES A REGION. Regions are the 3x3 grid ids r0c0 (top-left) through r2c2 (bottom-right) of the render.

REPLY WITH ONE JSON OBJECT AND NOTHING ELSE. Shape:
{
  "contract": "blind-ab-v1",
  "station": "nuketown2-front-porch",
  "probes": {
    "left": "<four characters from LEFT, or NONE>",
    "right": "<four characters from RIGHT, or NONE>"
  },
  "winner": "left | right | tie",
  "confidence": "<a fraction between 0 and 1, e.g. 0.78 - not a percentage>",
  "why": "One paragraph: the decisive differences against the reference set, each with a region id.",
  "leftCloser": [
    "things LEFT does that agree with the references better, with region ids"
  ],
  "rightCloser": [
    "things RIGHT does that agree with the references better, with region ids"
  ],
  "largestDifference": {
    "region": "r1c1",
    "what": "the single biggest disagreement between LEFT and RIGHT"
  }
}
