Modern fps graphics. Physics and effects sweep. Things like take damage direction indication upgrade.major gfx upgrade now we have webgpu running. spec for my machine which is 5080 nvidia. 

Footsteps aound based on movement velocity and distance from source or player.

When low health screen flashing and player breathing

Total rework of first person view on arms and hands etc. much higher q and animation quality

Total re texture and refinement of gun assets and animations. Sounds and effects

Continued structure moments and order. Prinunjng and adjusting bad s.structure

Add a new row of 4 kit weapon selection option. Custom 1/2/3 and option to rename them. When you enter you can pick your weapon, and grenade. Add two new grenades. Smoke and flash bang. Make them makes sense based on first person shooters
Add an uzi smg with stays that make sense
Add an mp5 smg
Add a new secondary it’s a pistol that has a flashlight on it always on and is very loud shots. It’s slower fire rate than the standard pistol but does more damage per hit
Also add another secondary which is is a crossbow like black ops 2. Shoots a bolt that does some beeping then small explosion after a time
The machine pistol should be an option too that the sniper already has. It’s the weakest damage and highest recoil option


Add an m4 rifle to assault rifikes. Full auto with a good balance profile
Also add an ak47 which is a bit clunkier but harder hitting

Add light machine gun that already exists as an option

Also add a minigun but it’s heavy so slows you 20% and takes a while to spin up. It has a large clip

Add a dmr rifle with a 2.5x thermal scope. Can see through smoke but not walls.

Add a slug shotgun. Adjust the current shotgun to do less damage but have a longer range and wider spread.

Ensure the knife model and texture and lighting is re worked and looks good when attacking and animated. It should also have a passive animation like all weapons need. This should be carefully managed by a sub agent and have rules and skills associated. Passive gentle arm movement for all weapons and knife makes sense.

Add a graphics and sound menu. All the things we used which are exposed by webgpu should be available for adjustment. Probably all on high bt default but have max options. Can set all options expected by a modern game that make sense within a browser. Sound options are for sound effects. Announcements. Menu and in game music.

We should have a richer suite of sounds inclement across the game and decent background ambient sound in all maps. Unique to the environment.

Add an experimental asset which will be present at least twice in all outdoor maps. It’s a destructible metal shed. It’s a cube base with a pitched roof. It’s riged dark green metal and the decals will actually leave bullet holes that you can see and shoot through. It has an interactive door that you can open and close by pressing f. It gently opens or closes over one second but can be interrupted by player collision or bullets. Explosive damage will distort the metal and at certain points break the 2d planes of metal which make the cube base or pitched roof fall apart in a realistic way . these parts can then by slightly moved by walking into it unless flat or shooting it at anytime. The shots continue to make decals or warp where possible. As you can see we need a highly complex physics model and logic for this. It will require its own set of rules and verifiers but can bootstrap off other things available with webgpu and maybe some open sources libraries. This is a test asset for a new type of object which can be physically interacted with but also possible become the prototype for new assets going forward


Ensure all weapons ans grenades are architecturally well structured into the project ans different sub agents have certain responsibilities and skills for weapons, kill streaks, gameplay and so on and so forth. We will be re balancing and adjusting and adding over time etc. ensure all meet the high standard of model animation and texture etc as the other weapons we have. They will also all need their own recoil and wall bang and drop off etc peoples. And we need rules skills ans sub agents assigned to these properly and well structured.

New kill streak selection on main menu. 5 slots.

Replace uav low slot option - Adrelaone boost. 10 more damage, move speed, and reload time. Lasts 15 seconds.
Next option is care package. Random any kill streak drops from a plane that flys over high and drop a a crate on parachute. Slowly descends and lands. Press f to loot and includes any random kill streak with reasonable odds based on the kills required to get it.Nuke 1% chance

Tri pass/ hunter killer cost new options -

Chopper gunner. Chopper does a 30 second circle of the map and shoots at targets. If you can get to cover in 4 -5 seconds you’d probably survive it’s damage/accuracy

Carpet bomber. Similar to tri pass but you click once then it comes from a random direction and drops 20 bombs in a zigzag row across a fairly straight mildly wide saction of the map.

Nuke replacement option. Drone swarm. 12 drones spawn and patrol the map indoors and out by flying around and seeking players or bots to shoot with their machine gun. Similar to chopper gunner you would survive if you avoid its fire after about 5 seconds of taking shots. They are kill able with an accurate shot and have 50 health so most guns can handle it

Another option for Hunter kille single drone is a piloted flying drone. Similar to the drone swarm ones. It has the ability to see through walls like the rail gun and fly with space to fly up and crouch to descend. It has 50 hp and has the same damage as the drone swarm ones. It has 30 seconds of fuel but only 2 clips of 20 ammo. Drone swarm drones also have this. They last 60 seconds max and have unlimited clips but sameammo per clip as the single drone kill streak

Ensure project architecture and trees has a decent setup for kill streaks as well change or adjust or add or remove them over time
